Okay, okay, that's it.
What's wrong with you son
Who beat you up like this?
Stop
Did you take Bai Moyao out tonight?
What did you buy him for so much money?
And make yourself look like this
Look at you
Where is the noble goods of the rich young master?
I don't know, I thought it was a local hooligan street gangster
Okay, okay.
The kids are hurt like this
boss
Go back to the company first
No way.
Tonight I'm going to ask what happened.
You can learn.
Where did your Bai Mengyao take Gao Yang tonight?
Come back with injuries
It also cost our family more than 4 million
What 4 million
Joe? I don't know what you mean.
Ah Yang just accompanied Yaoyao to the class reunion
A student association actually broke 4 million yuan
You're not married yet?
Just put our plateau bar ATM
Mention so much at once
I don't know.
I thought your daughter had no one to teach her
Madam Gao, please be polite
I'm going to leave it at that.
Bai Moyao is not welcome to enter the house after our high-level inspection.
This 4 million the breakup fee
You don't have to pick up dog food anymore
Who does Ayang like? That's his exciting thing.
What's more, our two families have an engagement
You do this
What do you want me to tell my ancestors?
How to explain to Mrs. Barra
ancestors
If you knew about white dreams
Yao spent more than 4 million yuan in our family
Jump out of the coffin
Will also oppose this marriage
You, Madam Bai, he can't protect himself
Don't care about it
Not to mention the old lady Bai
I don't like Bai Weiyao's granddaughter at all
Then you can't just ruin the marriage, can you?
How old is Bai Weiyao?
He can actually spend more than 4 million
Go on like this
Our Gao family has a golden mountain and a sea of silver
He will also be defeated